Thank you for coming to the little girl's investigation committee
Now that you're doing it according to the old rules
How about pairs?
Why don't you let me take the lead this time?
Mr. Zheng please
Pine leaf bamboo leaf leaf green
Zhengxing Dacai
Where? Where?
What's there to worry about is my brother
Go give them a hard one.
If you don't go, who will go?
Don't you always say that you are a scholar?
Go to although I am a scholar
But I never said I would be right
If it's better than poetry, I can try it
Oops, I don't need you for poetry
OK
Hey
I thought it was so capable
Return the Ph.D. in mechanics, that's it
Just a bunch of trash
What they did. Come on. Let's keep going.
Ah, sitting stiff and gentle movements
And that professional smile
I don't think so.
It is rumored that this red-sleeved girl is a true lover
It seems to live up to its reputation.
But pairs are not my strong suit.
It seems that you have to find another way to soak in Oirui